.github/prompts/code-review.prompt.md, before:

---
mode: ask
---

# Code Review Prompt

You are a code reviewer. Your task is to review the code provided in the context and suggest improvements, fixes, or enhancements. Focus on the following aspects:

## Context

-  This review concerns the DelayRelay Node.js application, which adds a stream delay between OBS and Twitch.
-  Focus on files in `src/` (see architecture overview for details).
-  Recent changes: [describe briefly, if applicable].
-  Refer to the HTTP API (`ApiServer.endpoints`) for available API endpoints.
-  See `.github/copilot-instructions.md` for coding conventions.

-  **Correctness**: Ensure the code works as intended and adheres to best practices.
-  **Readability**: Suggest improvements to make the code more understandable.
-  **Performance**: Identify any potential performance issues and suggest optimizations.
-  **Security**: Check for input validation, safe error handling, and no sensitive data in logs.
-  **Documentation**: Flag unclear code or missing comments; suggest where more documentation is needed.
-  **Testing**: Verify presence and adequacy of unit tests; recommend tests for critical paths if missing.
-  **Summary**: End with a brief summary of major findings and recommended actions.
-  **Project Conventions**: Verify the code follows these DelayRelay instructions:
   -  Uses ES6 module syntax (`import`/`export`) for all source files.
   -  Does not modify anything in `copyof-node-media-server/`.
   -  All runtime configuration changes are handled via the HTTP API (`ApiServer`), not hardcoded.
   -  Logging uses `LOGGER` and `LOGGER_API`, with logs written to `logs/`.
   -  Buffering and delay logic are encapsulated in `StreamBuffer`.
   -  State is managed via the `config` object.
   -  Separation of concerns is maintained as per architecture.
   -  API endpoints are documented and match the homepage.
   -  No hardcoded values for ports, delay, buffer sizes, etc.
   -  Code is readable, maintainable, and well-commented.

## Review Instructions

-  Provide feedback on architecture, code quality, and adherence to project conventions.
-  Suggest improvements for reliability, maintainability, and protocol compliance.
-  Highlight any deviations from the provided coding instructions.
-  If confirmation is needed for a change, suggest a quick reply template (e.g., "Reply with 'yes' to confirm or 'no' to cancel.").

## Output Format

-  Use clear, concise bullet points for feedback.
-  Reference specific lines or files when possible.
-  Suggest code snippets or examples to illustrate improvements.

Commit message:

feat: Update dependencies and add licensing information
- Updated `node-media-server` version from 4.0.18 to 4.0.21
- Added Apache 2.0 License text in `LICENSE-APACHE-2.0.md`.
- Created `THIRD-PARTY-LICENSES.md` to document third-party components and their licenses.
- Implemented `DummyRemoteServer` class in `src/rtmp/DummyRemoteServer.js` to simulate a remote RTMP server socket.
- Developed `RtmpMessage` utility functions in `src/rtmp/RtmpMessage.js` for creating and parsing RTMP messages.
- Added AMF encoding/decoding functionality in `src/rtmp/amf.js`, modified from Node-Media-Server.

.github/prompts/code-review.prompt.md, after:

---
mode: ask
---

# Code Review Prompt

You are a code reviewer. Your task is to review the code provided in the context and suggest improvements, fixes, or enhancements. Focus on the following aspects:

## Context

-  This review concerns the DelayRelay Node.js application, which adds a stream delay between OBS and Twitch.
-  Focus on files in `src/` (see architecture overview for details).
-  Recent changes: [describe briefly, if applicable].
-  Refer to the HTTP API (`ApiServer.endpoints`) for available API endpoints.
-  See `.github/copilot-instructions.md` for coding conventions.

-  **Correctness**: Ensure the code works as intended and adheres to best practices.
-  **Readability**: Suggest improvements to make the code more understandable.
-  **Performance**: Identify any potential performance issues and suggest optimizations.
-  **Security**: Check for input validation, safe error handling, and no sensitive data in logs.
-  **Documentation**: Flag unclear code or missing comments; suggest where more documentation is needed.
-  **Testing**: Verify presence and adequacy of unit tests; recommend tests for critical paths if missing.
-  **Summary**: End with a brief summary of major findings and recommended actions.
-  **Project Conventions**: Verify the code follows these DelayRelay instructions:
   -  Uses ES6 module syntax (`import`/`export`) for all source files.
   -  Does not modify the active `src/rtmp/` implementation unless necessary;
   -  All runtime configuration changes are handled via the HTTP API (`ApiServer`), not hardcoded.
   -  Logging uses `LOGGER` and `LOGGER_API`, with logs written to `logs/`.
   -  Buffering and delay logic are encapsulated in `StreamBuffer`.
   -  State is managed via the `config` object.
   -  Separation of concerns is maintained as per architecture.
   -  API endpoints are documented and match the homepage.
   -  No hardcoded values for ports, delay, buffer sizes, etc.
   -  Code is readable, maintainable, and well-commented.

## Review Instructions

-  Provide feedback on architecture, code quality, and adherence to project conventions.
-  Suggest improvements for reliability, maintainability, and protocol compliance.
-  Highlight any deviations from the provided coding instructions.
-  If confirmation is needed for a change, suggest a quick reply template (e.g., "Reply with 'yes' to confirm or 'no' to cancel.").

## Output Format

-  Use clear, concise bullet points for feedback.
-  Reference specific lines or files when possible.
-  Suggest code snippets or examples to illustrate improvements.
